README.md, before:

# amp-client
Official proof decentralized exchange client

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![Contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg)
[![Chat on discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/308323056592486420.svg?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/gvxeqMf)

# The Proof Decentralized Exchange

The proof decentralized exchange is a hybrid decentralized exchange that aims at bringing together the ease of use of centralized exchanges along with the security and privacy features of decentralized exchanges. Orders are matched through the an off-chain orderbook. After orders are matched and signed, the decentralized exchange operator has the sole ability to perform a transaction to the smart contract. This provides for the best UX as the exchange operator is the only party having to interact directly with the blockchain. Exchange users simply sign orders which are broadcasted then to the orderbook. This design enables users to queue and cancel their orders seamlessly.


# Contributions

Thank you for considering helping the Proof project! We accept contributions from anyone and are grateful even for the smallest fixes.

If you want to help Proof, please fork and setup the development environment of the appropriate repository. In the case you want to submit substantial changes, please get in touch with our development team on our slack channel (slack.proofsuite.com) to verify those modifications are in line with the general goal of the project and receive early feedback. Otherwise you are welcome to fix, commit and send a pull request for the maintainers to review and merge into the main code base.

Please make sure your contributions adhere to our coding guidelines:

Code must adhere as much as possible to standard conventions (DRY - Separation of concerns - Modular)
Pull requests need to be based and opened against the master branch
Commit messages should properly describe the code modified
Ensure all tests are passing before submitting a pull request

# License

The Proof CryptoFiat smart contract (i.e. all code inside of the contracts and test directories) is licensed under the MIT License, also included in our repository in the LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Updating Readme with Discord Link

README.md, after:

# amp-client
Official proof decentralized exchange client

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
![Contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg)
[![Chat on discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/308323056592486420.svg?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/gvxeqMf)

# The Proof Decentralized Exchange

The proof decentralized exchange is a hybrid decentralized exchange that aims at bringing together the ease of use of centralized exchanges along with the security and privacy features of decentralized exchanges. Orders are matched through the an off-chain orderbook. After orders are matched and signed, the decentralized exchange operator has the sole ability to perform a transaction to the smart contract. This provides for the best UX as the exchange operator is the only party having to interact directly with the blockchain. Exchange users simply sign orders which are broadcasted then to the orderbook. This design enables users to queue and cancel their orders seamlessly.


# Contributions

Thank you for considering helping the Proof project! We accept contributions from anyone and are grateful even for the smallest fixes.

If you want to help Proof, please fork and setup the development environment of the appropriate repository. In the case you want to submit substantial changes, please get in touch with our development team on our slack channel (slack.proofsuite.com) to verify those modifications are in line with the general goal of the project and receive early feedback. Otherwise you are welcome to fix, commit and send a pull request for the maintainers to review and merge into the main code base.

Please make sure your contributions adhere to our coding guidelines:

Code must adhere as much as possible to standard conventions (DRY - Separation of concerns - Modular)
Pull requests need to be based and opened against the master branch
Commit messages should properly describe the code modified
Ensure all tests are passing before submitting a pull request

# Contact

If you have questions, ideas or suggestions, you can reach our development team on Discord in the #developer channel.  [Discord Link](https://discordapp.com/invite/eChaHFk)

# License

The Proof CryptoFiat smart contract (i.e. all code inside of the contracts and test directories) is licensed under the MIT License, also included in our repository in the LICENSE file.
